[Curriculum Vitae of Igor Kagan]{.smallcaps}

**Address:**

German Primate Center

Kellnerweg 4, 37077

Goettingen, Germany

**Phone:** +49(0)551-3851-332

**Email:** ikagan@dpz.eu

**Web:** <http://igorkagan.org> <http://dpz.eu/dag>

**ORCID:** <https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1814-4200>

# Personal

Date and place of birth: June 01, 1972, Saint Petersburg (Leningrad),
Russia (USSR)

Citizenship: Israel

Languages: English, Russian, Hebrew, German (basic)

# Education

1996 -- 2003 Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering, Technion -- Israel
Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, and Schepens Eye Research
Institute, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA (advisors Prof. Moshe Gur
and Prof. Max Snodderly). [Thesis:]{.underline} Responses of cells in
striate cortex of alert monkeys: neuronal properties and effects of eye
movements.

1992 -- 1996 B.Sc. in Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, Tel Aviv
University, Israel.

1989 -- 1991 Department of Biophysics, Faculty of Physics and Mechanics,
St. Petersburg State Technical University (former Polytechnic
Institute), Russia.

# Research interests

Cognitive and visuomotor functions in primates, with a focus on
pulvinar, pulvinar-cortical and bihemispheric processing underlying
decision-making in the context of goal-directed eye and hand movements,
using neurophysiology, causal interference (inactivation,
microstimulation) and functional imaging. Comparative human-monkey
neuroimaging. Metacognition and social decision-making. Neurophysiology
of active vision in primary visual cortex.

# Working experience

2011 -- present Head of Decision and Awareness Group, German Primate
Center, Goettingen, Germany. <http://dpz.eu/dag>

2009 -- 2011 Senior Research Fellow, Richard Andersen Lab, Caltech,
Pasadena, CA. Multielectrode bihemispheric electrophysiological
recordings in area LIP for comparison with fMRI data, and for
investigation of inter-hemispheric interactions. Collaboration with Dr.
Melanie Wilke on combination of pharmacological brain inactivation of
parietal cortex and thalamic pulvinar with fMRI to study spatial
awareness and neglect.

2003 -- 2008 Postdoctoral scholar, Richard Andersen Lab, Caltech,
Pasadena, CA. Development and application of advanced event-related fMRI
techniques (4.7T vertical scanner lab) to study visuomotor brain
functions in behaving monkeys, and direct cross-species comparison with
humans imaging (3T scanner). Structural scans for planning and
visualization of recording chambers, injection cannulae and
multielectrode arrays.

1998 -- 2003 Graduate student, Max Snodderly Lab, Schepens Eye Research
Institute, Boston, MA, and Moshe Gur Vision Research Lab, Technion,
Israel. Development of visual neuroscience system for neurophysiological
experiments in alert behaving monkeys.

1997 -- 2001 Programmer, Animal Cardiology Lab, Department of Biomedical
Engineering, Technion; Neufeld Cardiology Research Institute, Sheba
Medical Center, Tel HaShomer; Bnai-Zion Medical Center, Haifa, Israel.
Design and implementation of data acquisition and analysis software
packages for physiological labs (LabVIEW, MATLAB, C).

1995 -- 1997 Research assistant, Mark L. Shik Electrophysiology Lab,
Faculty of Life Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Israel. Electrical
stimulation and single unit recordings in the brain of amphibians during
evoked locomotion. Development of software in C, LabVIEW, MATLAB and
Perl for data acquisition and analysis, experimental records database.

# Professional skills

Behavioral experiments in individual and dyadic settings: perceptual and
value-based decisions, metacognition and post-decision wagering,
subjective utility estimation, eye and hand movement recording and
analysis, face and body motion capture, dynamic dyadic interactions
using novel transparent displays.

Visual and visuomotor neurophysiology experiments: brain activity
recording, electrical microstimulation, and pharmacological
inactivation. Neurophysiological data analysis and visualization, signal
and image processing, statistical analysis, numerical simulations and
Monte Carlo method (MATLAB, R, LabVIEW).

Event-related functional MRI in monkeys and humans: design, setup, data
acquisition and analysis (BrainVoyager, SPM, AFNI, MIPAV, MRIcro,
MATLAB). Extensive experience with different MR systems (Bruker 4.7T and
7T, Siemens 3T Trio/Prisma), hardware and software expertise and
troubleshooting, NMR physics, optimization of imaging methods for
high-resolution functional and anatomical imaging.

Extensive programming skills for visual stimuli presentation (C/C++,
DirectX, OpenGL, Psychophysics toolbox, Cogent) and real-time data
acquisition and behavioral control software (C/C++, RPvds real-time DSP
circuits, LabVIEW Real-Time, MATLAB).

Brain surgical procedures: headposts, recording chambers, floating
multielectrode arrays and cannulae implantations. Surgery planning using
contrast agents, custom markers, high-resolution MRI scans and frameless
stereotaxic systems.

Scientific illustrations: conceptual development and implementation
using Adobe Illustrator (used in several published papers and successful
grant applications).

Meta-skills: problem detection and solving, excellent intuition for
potential sources of bugs/inconsistencies, and teaching of above skills,
debugging and plausibility checks.

# Professional activities

2015 -- present **Steering board member**, Leibniz ScienceCampus Primate
Cognition

2022 -- present **Associate Editor**, Frontiers in Decision Neuroscience

2022 -- present **Reviewing Editor**, Frontiers in Integrative
Neuroscience

2019 -- 2024 **Co-Organizer** of International Summer School "Primate
Cognitive Neuroscience", Bad Bevensen

2019 **Symposium organizer**, Neural mechanisms of social
decision-making, German Neuroscience Society meeting

2013 - present **Co-organizer** of the biennial Primate Neurobiology
meeting in Goettingen

**Ad hoc reviewer for journals:** Age, Acta Psychologica, Current
Biology, Cerebral Cortex, Communications Biology, eLife, eNeuro,
European Journal of Neuroscience, Frontiers in Neuroscience, Frontiers
in Zoology, Journal of Neuroscience, Journal of Neurophysiology, Journal
of Economic Psychology, Nature Communications, NeuroImage, Neuroscience
& Biobehavioral Reviews, Physical Review, PLoS Biology, PLoS
Computational Biology, PNAS, Progress in Neurobiology, Scientific
Reports, Trends in Cognitive Sciences, Vision Research

**Ad hoc reviewer for funding agencies:** ANR -- The French National
Research Agency, BSF -- Binational Science Foundation (US -- Israel),
BBSRC -- Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council, ERC --
European Research Council, FWO -- Research Foundation Flanders, KU
Leuven GOA -- Geconcerteerde Onderzoeksacties, MRC -- Medical Research
Council, NSF -- National Science Foundation

**Society memberships:** Society for Neuroscience, Visual Sciences
Society, German Neuroscience Society, Israel Society for Neuroscience,
Japan Neuroscience Society

# Grants

2024 -- 2026 Principle Investigator in the Leibniz Collaborative
Excellence grant "PRIMADIS: Chemogenetic dissection of primate brain
circuits underlying adaptive cognition".\
*1.000.000 Euro*

2022 -- 2025 Principle Investigator in the Collaborative Research Center
"Cognition of Interaction" (SFB 1528).
<https://uni-goettingen.de/de/652672.html>\
Project "A framework for dynamic sensorimotor interactions in nonhuman
primates and humans -- Dyadic Interaction and Exploration Room
Platforms", with A. Gail. *710.900 Euro*

2021 -- 2025 Principle Investigator in the EU H2020-MSCA-ITN-2020
In2PrimateBrains\
"Intra- and Inter-Areal Communication in Primate Brain Networks".
*4.005.134 Euro* <https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/956669>

> Early Stage Researcher Project 7: "Probing the link between perceptual
> visibility and brain oscillations", together with M. Wilke and S.
> Treue

2020 -- 2023 Principle Investigator in the Leibniz Collaborative
Excellence grant "PRIMAINT: Neurophysiological mechanisms of primate
interactions in dynamic sensorimotor setting". *1.000.000 Euro*

2016 -- 2017 Principle Investigator in the Collaborative Research
Project "Primate Cognition: From Information Integration to
Decision-Making", headed by J. Fischer and S. Treue, funded by
Volkswagen Foundation and Lower Saxony Ministry for Science and Culture.
*1.000.000 Euro*

2015 -- 2021 Seed/Audacity funds, Leibniz ScienceCampus Primate
Cognition

> with Michael Ortiz-Rios *11.500 Euro*\
> with Anne Schacht *14.127 Euro\
> *with Arezoo Pooresmaeili *18.234 Euro\
> *with Julia Fischer, Stefan Treue, Alex Gail, Vanessa Wilson *25.594
> Euro\
> *with Caspar Schwiedrzik *7.500 Euro*

2014 -- 2017 DFG Research Unit Primate Systems Neuroscience FOR 1847/KA
3726/2: "The Physiology of Distributed Computing Underlying Higher Brain
Functions in Non-Human Primates." Project Bilateral decision networks
for eye and arm movements. Principle Investigator: I. Kagan,
Co-Principle Investigator: M. Wilke. *319.500 Euro*

2012 -- 2015 DFG Einzelantrag (WI 406/1-1). Neural basis of spatial
neglect symptoms in thalamo- cortical circuits. Principle Investigator:
M. Wilke, Co-Principle Investigator: I. Kagan. *276.985 Euro*

# Teaching experience

## Graduate courses 

2019, 2022 *Lecturer:* International Summer School "Primate Cognitive
Neuroscience", Bad Bevensen, Germany

2022 *Lecturer:* Functional MRI and causal perturbations,
In2PrimateBrains Thematic Workshop, Rome, Italy

2018 -- 2019 *Lecturer:* International Summer School "Clinical and
Translational Neurology", Goettingen, Germany

2011 -- 2023 *Lecturer:* "Higher cognitive functions: reward and
decision-making, social neuroscience", M.Sc. Neuroscience program,
International Max Planck Research School, Goettingen, Germany

2017, 2019 *Lecturer*: Primate Neurobiology Methods -- MRI-guided
targeting, fMRI and causal interference, Graduate Training in Primate
Neuroscience (GTPN), Goettingen, Germany

2014 *Lecturer*: Behavioral and neural correlates of spatial
decision-making in monkeys and humans, Biopsychology seminar, Erfurt
University, Germany

2013, 2018 *Lecturer*: fMRI workshop, Methods course, Behavior and
Cognition PhD program, Goettingen, Germany

1998 -- 2002 *Teaching Assistant: "*Brain and computer", "Biological
signal processing lab", "Introduction to measurement and processing of
physiological signals", Technion, Israel

## Undergraduate courses 

2016 *Lecturer:* Experimental Praktikum Psychology Bachelor program,
Goettingen University, Germany

2011 -- 2014 *Lecturer:* "Imaging the brain", Molecular Medicine,
Goettingen University, Germany

2000 *Teaching Assistant: "*Basic bio-electrical design", Technion,
Israel

# Supervisory experience

<https://neurotree.org/neurotree/tree.php?pid=21727>

## Postdoctoral researchers

1.  Liubov Vasileva 2021 -- present

2.  Khanh Nguyen 2020 -- 2022

3.  Lukas Schneider 2019 -- present

4.  Anton Unakafov 2016 -- 2019

5.  Sebastian Moeller 2016 -- present

## PhD students and pre-doctoral trainees 

1.  Mariia Kadochnikova 2023 -- present\
    Primary supervisor

2.  Ryo Segawa 2021 -- 2023\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Melanie Wilke

3.  Mathieu Pachoud, PhD 2018 -- 2022\
    Primary supervisor

4.  Kristin Kaduk, PhD 2017 -- 2022\
    Primary supervisor

5.  Lydia Gibson, PhD 2013 -- 2018\
    Primary supervisor

6.  Lukas Schneider, PhD 2013 -- 2018\
    Primary supervisor

7.  Danial Arabali, PhD 2013 -- 2018\
    Primary supervisor

8.  Adan Ulises Dominguez Vargas, PhD 2012 -- 2017\
    Primary supervisor

9.  Caio Moreira, PhD 2012 -- 2016\
    Primary supervisor

10. Elena Spanou 2012 -- 2014\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Stefan Treue

## Bachelor and Master students

1.  Yasmin Fiedler (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2023 -- 2024\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Niels Focke

2.  Dafna Ljubotina (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2021 -- 2022\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Jorge Jaramillo

3.  Vladyslav Ivanov (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2021 -- 2022\
    Primary supervisor

4.  Max Andreas Bosse Hinrichs (Master, Psychology) 2020 -- 2021\
    Primary supervisor

5.  Pietro Amerio (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2020 -- 2021\
    Primary supervisor

6.  Alexandra Witt (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2020 -- 2021\
    Primary supervisor

7.  Peter Neumann (Master, Psychology) 2019 -- 2021\
    Primary supervisor

8.  Roberta Nocerino (Master, The University of Trieste) 2019 -- 2020\
    Primary supervisor

9.  Tony Carricarte (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2018 -- 2019\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Melanie Wilke

10. Isabel Ganter (Bachelor thesis, Psychology, Ph.D. supervisor Kristin
    Kaduk) 2018 -- 2019\
    Primary supervisor

11. Marina Slashcheva (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2018 -- 2019\
    Primary supervisor

12. Tarana Nigam (Master, IMPRS Neuroscience) 2018 -- 2019\
    Primary supervisor

13. Isabel Wunder (Master, external, Giessen University) 2016 -- 2017\
    Co-supervisor, Primary supervisor: Britta Krueger

14. Uwe Zimmermann (Master, Developmental, Neural and Behavioral
    Biology) 2016 -- 2017\
    Primary supervisor

15. Alexandra Nagel (Bachelor thesis, Psychology, Ph.D. supervisor Lydia
    Gibson) 2016\
    Primary supervisor: Igor Kagan

16. Kristin Kaduk (Master, Psychology) 2015 -- 2016\
    Primary supervisor

17. Alexander Kratzenberg (Master, Developmental, Neural and Behavioral
    Biology) 2015\
    Primary supervisor

## Other students (internships, lab rotations)

1.  Ece İdil (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2024

2.  Zeynep Büşra Ayar (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2024

3.  Aruna Nyssanbay (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2024

4.  Maryia Khvatava (Jagiellonian University, Krakow, Poland 2023

5.  Maren Cremer (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2023

6.  Yixuan Chen (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2023

7.  Rebecca Divarco (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2022

8.  Robert Haret (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2022

9.  Uğur Coşkun (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2022

10. Keren Profesorsky (Ben Gurion University -- Erasmus Biology
    Goettingen U) 2022

11. Dafna Ljubotina (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2021

12. Margaret Young (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2021

13. Hanna Rula (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2020

14. Asude Tura (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2020

15. Bruno Carniatto Marques Garcia (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation)
    2020

16. Alexandra Witt (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2020

17. Jaya Sowkyadha (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2020

18. Tihana Hamzaj (Developmental, Neural and Behavioral Biology, lab
    rotation) 2020

19. Sarath Ravindran (research associate internship) 2019

20. Ivan Skorodumov (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2019

21. Lukas Amman (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2019

22. Marina Slashcheva (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2018

23. Anna Müllen (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2018

24. Tarana Nigam (IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2018

25. Rena Birner (B. Sc. Cognitive Science, Osnabrueck University) 2018

26. Elisheba Crecca (M. Sc. Cognitive Science, Roma Tre University) 2017

27. Esther Olubukola Akinola (M. Sc. Neuroscience, Bremen University)
    2017

28. Anisiga Thirunavukkarasu (B. Sc. Psychology, Göttingen University)
    2017

29. Hannah Loenneker (B. Sc. Psychology, Tübingen University) 2017

30. Isabel Kreis (M. Sc. Psychology, Bielefeld University, internship)
    2017

31. Iryna Schommartz (TU Dresden, lab rotation) 2017

32. Paula Wunsch (Tuebingen University, internship) 2017

33. Jiaqi Shang (Northwestern University, internship) 2017

34. Uwe Zimmermann (Developmental, Neural and Behavioral Biology, lab
    rotation) 2016

35. Alexandra Nagel (Psychology, lab rotation) 2015

36. Alex Kratzenberg (Developmental, Neural and Behavioral Biology, lab
    rotation) 2014

37. Max Rollwage (Psychology Diplom, Phillips-University Marburg, lab
    rotation) 2014

38. Kristin Kaduk (Psychology Bachelor student, lab rotation) 2014

39. Vanessa Hohn (Psychology Bachelor student, lab rotation) 2013

40. Shoba Kapoor (Master student, IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2013

41. Kirsten Emmert (Master student, IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation)
    2012

42. Annika Grass (Master student, IMPRS Neuroscience, lab rotation) 2012

43. Olga Dyakova (internship) 2011 -- 2012

44. Malte Koester (internship) 2011 -- 2012

## PhD Thesis committee member (Göttingen)

1.  Jannik Luff (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2023 -- present

2.  Selma Kouaiche (Theoretical and Computational Neuroscience) 2023 --
    present

3.  Shamim Sasani (Cardiovascular Science Ph.D. Program) 2023 -- present

4.  Beyza Akkoyunlu (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2022 -- present

5.  Roberta Nocerino (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2022 --
    present

6.  Tiffany Claire Bosshard (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. Program) 2021
    -- present

7.  Marysol Segovia Oropeza (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2021 --
    present

8.  Julia Wanda Novak (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2018 -- 2022

9.  Rowan Titchener (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. Program) 2018 -- 2022

10. Philipp Ulbrich (Psychology) 2018 -- 2021

11. Stefan Greulich (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2016 -- 2021

12. Daniela Buchwald (Sensory and Motor Neuroscience Ph.D. Program) 2016
    -- 2020

13. Anne Sommerfeld (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2015 -- 2020

14. Wiebke Hammerschmidt (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2015 --
    2018

15. Nicolas Becker (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2015 -- 2018

16. Anja Richter (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2014 -- 2017

17. Jeroen Buil (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. program) 2014 -- 2017

18. Kathleen Williams (European Neuroscience Institute) 2014 -- 2018

19. Katja Brodmann (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2013 -- 2016

20. Annika Grass (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2013 -- 2016

21. Sarah Wolter (Behavior and Cognition Ph.D. program) 2013 -- 2017

22. Rijk- in 't Veld (Systems Neuroscience Ph.D. program) 2013 -- 2016

# Publications

<https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=GvDzCecAAAAJ&hl=en>

<https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1814-4200>

1.  Ivanov V., Manenti G.L., Plewe S.S., **Kagan I.**, Schwiedrzik C.M.
    (2024). Decision-making processes in perceptual learning depend on
    effectors. *Scientific Reports* 14:1--15.
    https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-024-55508-5.

2.  Stinson C., **Kagan I.**, Pooresmaeili A. (2024). The contribution
    of sensory information asymmetry and bias of attribution to
    egocentric tendencies in effort comparison tasks. *Front. Psychol.*
    15:1304372. https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2024.1304372.

3.  Schneider L., Dominguez-Vargas A.-U., Gibson L., Wilke M., **Kagan
    I**. (2023). Visual, delay, and oculomotor timing and tuning in
    macaque dorsal pulvinar during instructed and free choice memory
    saccades. *Cerebral Cortex* 33: 10877--10900.
    https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhad333.

4.  Wilke M., **Kagan I.** (2023). Visuospatial and Motor Deficits
    Following Pulvinar Lesions. In: The Cerebral Cortex and Thalamus
    (Usrey WM, Sherman SM, eds), Oxford University Press.
    https://doi.org/10.1093/med/9780197676158.003.0071

5.  Benedetto A., **Kagan I.** (2023). Active vision: How you look
    reflects what you are looking for. *Current Biology* 33:R303--R305.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2023.03.012.

6.  Moeller S., Unakafov A. M., Fischer J., Gail A., Treue S., **Kagan
    I.** (2023). Human and macaque pairs employ different coordination
    strategies in a transparent decision game. *eLife* 12:e81641.
    https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.81641

7.  The PRIMatE Data and Resource Exchange (PRIME-DRE) Global
    Collaboration Workshop and Consortium (2021). Toward next-generation
    primate neuroscience: A collaboration-based strategic plan for
    integrative neuroimaging. *Neuron*.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuron.2021.10.015.

8.  **Kagan I.**, Gibson L., Spanou E., Wilke M. (2021). Effective
    connectivity and spatial selectivity-dependent fMRI changes elicited
    by microstimulation of pulvinar and LIP. *NeuroImage* 240, 118283.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2021.118283.

9.  Klink P.C.\*, Aubry J.-F., Ferrera V.P., Fox A.S., Froudist-Walsh
    S., Jarraya B., Konofagou E.E., Krauzlis R.J., Messinger A.,
    Mitchell A.S., Ortiz-Rios M., Oya H., Roberts A.C., Roe A.W.,
    Rushworth M.F.S., Sallet J., Schmid M.C., Schroeder C.E., Tasserie
    J., Tsao D.Y., Uhrig L., Vanduffel W., Wilke M., **Kagan I.\***,
    Petkov C.I.\* (2021). Combining brain perturbation and neuroimaging
    in non-human primates. *NeuroImage* 235, 118017.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2021.118017. \* Shared
    corresponding authors

10. Milham M., ... **Kagan I.**, ... (2020). Accelerating the Evolution
    of Nonhuman Primate Neuroimaging. *Neuron* 105, 600--603.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuron.2019.12.023.

11. Heins R.C., Mirza M.B., Parr T., Friston K., **Kagan I.**,
    Pooresmaeili A. (2020). Deep Active Inference and Scene
    Construction. *Front. Artif. Intell.* 3.
    https://doi.org/10.3389/frai.2020.509354.

12. Rollwage M., Pannach F., Stinson C., Toelch U., **Kagan I.**\*,
    Pooresmaeili A.\* (2020). Judgments of effort exerted by self and
    others are influenced by task contingent rewards. *Scientific
    Reports* 10: 1868. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-58686-0. \*
    Shared senior authors

13. Wilson V.A.D., Kade C., Moeller S., Treue S., **Kagan I.**,
    Fischer J. (2020). Macaque Gaze Responses to the Primatar: A Virtual
    Macaque Head for Social Cognition Research. *Front. Psychol.* 11.
    https://doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.01645.

14. Miloserdov K., Schmidt-Samoa C., Williams K., Weinrich C. A.,
    **Kagan I.**, Bürk K., Trenkwalder C., Bähr M., & Wilke M. (2020).
    Aberrant functional connectivity of resting state networks related
    to misperceptions and intra-individual variability in Parkinson's
    disease. *NeuroImage: Clinical*, 25: 102076.
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.nicl.2019.102076.

15. Schneider L., Domínguez-Vargas A. U., Gibson L., **Kagan I.\***,
    Wilke M.\* (2020). Eye position signals in the dorsal pulvinar
    during fixation and goal-directed saccades. *Journal of
    Neurophysiology,* 123: 367-391.
    https://doi.org/10.1152/jn.00432.2019. \* Shared senior authors

16. Unakafov A. M., Schultze T., Gail A., Moeller S., **Kagan I.\***,
    Eule S.\*, Wolf F.\* (2020). Emergence and suppression of
    cooperation by action visibility in transparent games. *PLOS
    Computational Biology*, 16(1): e1007588.
    https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007588. \* Shared senior
    authors

17. Unakafov A. M., Schultze T., **Kagan I.**, Moeller S., Gail A.,
    Treue S., Eule S., Wolf F. (2019). Evolutionary successful
    strategies in a transparent iterated Prisoner's Dilemma.
    *EvoApplications 2019, Lecture Notes in Computer Science*, 11454:
    204--219. https://doi.org/10.1101/524348.

18. Unakafov A.M., Möller S., **Kagan I.**, Gail A., Treue S., Wolf F.
    (2018). Using imaging photoplethysmography for heart rate estimation
    in non-human primates. *PLOS ONE* 13(8): e0202581.

19. Hammerschmidt W., **Kagan I.**, Kulke L., Schacht A. (2018).
    Implicit reward associations impact face processing: Time-resolved
    evidence from event-related brain potentials and pupil dilations.
    *NeuroImage* 179: 557-569.

20. Christopoulos V.N., **Kagan I.**, Andersen R.A. (2018). Lateral
    intraparietal area (LIP) is largely effector-specific in free-choice
    decisions. *Scientific Reports* 8: 8611.

21. Moreira C.M., Rollwage M., Kaduk K., Wilke M., **Kagan I.** (2018).
    Post-decision wagering after perceptual judgments reveals
    bi-directional certainty readouts. *Cognition* 176: 40-52.

22. Wilke M., Schneider L., Domínguez-Vargas A.U., Schmidt-Samoa C.,
    Miloserdov K., Nazzal A., Dechent P., Cabral-Calderin Y.,
    Scherberger H., **Kagan I**., Bähr M. (2018). Reach and grasp
    deficits following damage to the dorsal pulvinar. *Cortex* 99:
    135-149.

23. **Kagan I.**, Burr D.C. (2017). Active Vision: Dynamic Reformatting
    of Visual Information by the Saccade-Drift Cycle. *Current Biology*
    27(9): R341-R343.

24. Domínguez-Vargas A.U., Schneider L., Wilke M.\*, **Kagan I.\***
    (2017). Electrical Microstimulation of the Pulvinar Biases Saccade
    Choices and Reaction Times in a Time-Dependent Manner. *Journal of
    Neuroscience* 37(8):2234-2257.

25. Paschke K., **Kagan I.**, Wüstenberg T., Bähr M., Wilke M. (2015).
    Trunk rotation affects temporal order judgments with direct
    saccades: Influence of handedness. *Neurophychologia* 79: 123-137.

26. Christopoulos V.N., Bonaiuto J., **Kagan I.**, Andersen R.A. (2015).
    Inactivation of parietal reach region affects reaching but not
    saccade choices in internally guided decisions. *Journal of
    Neuroscience* 35(33): 11719-11728.

27. Przybyszewski A.W., **Kagan I.**, Snodderly D.M. (2014). Primate
    area V1: largest response gain for receptive fields in the
    straight-ahead direction. *Neuroreport* 25(14):1109-1115.

28. **Kagan I.**, Hafed Z.M. (2013). Active vision: microsaccades direct
    the eye to where it matters most. *Current Biology* 23(17): R712 --
    R714.

29. Wilke M., **Kagan I.**, Andersen R.A. (2013). Effects of pulvinar
    Inactivation on spatial decision-making between equal and asymmetric
    reward options. *Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience* 25(8):
    1270-1283.

30. **Kagan I.** (2012). Microsaccades and image fading during natural
    vision. Response to McCamy et al. Microsaccadic efficacy and
    contribution to foveal and peripheral vision. *Journal of
    Neuroscience
    https://www.jneurosci.org/content/32/27/9194/tab-e-letters#microsaccades-and-image-fading-during-natural-vision*

31. Wilke M.\*, **Kagan I.**\*, Andersen R.A. (2012). Functional imaging
    reveals rapid reorganization of cortical activity after parietal
    inactivation in monkeys. *Proc Natl Acad Sci USA* 109(21):
    8274-8279. *\* Equal contribution*

32. **Kagan I.** (2012) Active vision: fixational eye movements help
    seeing space in time. *Current Biology* 22(6): R186 - R188.

33. **Kagan I.**, Iyer A., Lindner A., Andersen R.A. (2010). Space
    representation for eye movements is more contralateral in monkeys
    than in humans. *Proc Natl Acad Sci USA* 107(17): 7933-7938. *Epub
    2010 Apr 12.*

34. Iyer A., Lindner A., **Kagan I.**, Andersen R.A. (2010). Motor
    preparatory activity in posterior parietal cortex is modulated by
    subjective absolute value. *PLoS Biol 8(8): e1000444.
    doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1000444*

35. Lindner A., Iyer A., **Kagan I.**, Andersen R.A. (2010). Human
    posterior parietal cortex plans where to reach and what to avoid.
    *Journal of Neuroscience 30(35):* 11715-11725.
    *doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2849-09.2010.*

36. Snodderly D.M., **Kagan I.**, Gur M. (2010). Linearity and
    selectivity of neuronal responses in awake visual cortex. Importance
    of the cell sample. *Reply to:* The linearity and selectivity of
    neuronal responses in awake visual cortex. Chen et al. (2009)
    *Journal of Vision* 9(9):12. doi:10.1167/9.9.12

37. **Kagan I.**, Gur M., Snodderly D. M. (2008). Saccades and drifts
    differentially modulate neuronal activity in V1: Effects of retinal
    image motion, position, and extraretinal influences. *Journal of
    Vision* 8(14):19: 1-25.

38. Gur M., **Kagan I.**, Snodderly D.M. (2005). Orientation and
    direction selectivity of neurons in V1 of alert monkeys: Functional
    relationships and laminar distributions. *Cerebral Cortex* 15 (8):
    1207-1221.

39. **Kagan I.**, Shik M.L. (2004). How the mesencephalic "locomotor
    region" recruits hindbrain neurons. *Progress in Brain Research*
    143: 221-230.

40. **Kagan I.**, Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2002). Spatial organization of
    receptive fields of V1 neurons of alert monkeys: a comparison with
    responses to gratings. *Journal of Neurophysiology* 88: 2557-2574.

41. Snodderly D.M., **Kagan I.**, Gur M. (2001). Selective activation of
    visual cortex neurons by fixational eye movements: Implications for
    neural coding. *Visual Neuroscience* 18 (2): 259-277.

42. Bar-Gad I., **Kagan I.**, Shik M.L. (1999). Behavior of hindbrain
    neurons during the transition from rest to evoked locomotion in a
    newt. *Progress in Brain Research* 123: 285-294.

## *Preprints, submitted and in revision*

<https://www.biorxiv.org/search/author1%3AIgor%2BKagan>

1.  Bothe R., Isbaner S., Chen X., **Kagan I.**, Gail A., Mani N. (2024)
    Little scientists & social apprentices: Active word learning in
    dynamic social contexts using a transparent dyadic interaction
    platform. <https://doi.org/10.31234/osf.io/fx2bg> *In review in
    Developmental Science*

2.  Dang S., Antono J.E., **Kagan I.**, Pooresmaeili A. (2022)
    Modality-specific and modality-general representations of reward
    value in frontal cortex. bioRxiv, 2022.12.25.521898 Available at:
    https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.12.25.521898v2 *In
    review in Communications Biology*

3.  Kaduk K., Wilke M., **Kagan I.** (2022) Dorsal pulvinar inactivation
    leads to spatial selection bias without perceptual deficit. bioRxiv,
    2022.12.30.520322 Available at
    <https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.12.30.520322v2> *In
    review in Scientific Reports*

4.  Babin D., Schneider L., **Kagan I.**, Wilke M., Karnath H-O. (2024)
    Ipsilesional attentional capture but intact perceptual processing of
    contralesional stimuli in spatial neglect.

5.  Wilke M.\*, **Kagan I.\***, Andersen, R. A. Pulvinar Contributes to
    Visuomotor Decisions by Shaping Cortical Representations of Spatial
    Goals. In revision. \* Equal contribution

# Invited talks and seminars

1.  Application of invasive EEG to studying higher cognitive functions.
    Eröffnungssymposium Epilepsiezentrum, Goettingen, 2024

2.  Behavioral and Neuronal Mechanisms of Dynamic Social Interactions.
    Bonn Melbourne Seminar in Decision Making and Computational
    Psychiatry, Bonn, 2024

3.  Pulvinar-cortical circuitry contributions to sensorimotor decisions
    and actions. CIN Exchanges, Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen,
    Germany, 2022

4.  Contributions of thalamic dorsal pulvinar to visuomotor processing
    and cortical representations. Institute of Cognitive Sciences Marc
    Jeannerod, Lyon, France, 2021

5.  Coordination in human and macaque pairs in a dyadic decision game
    with face-to-face action visibility. Institute of Experimental
    Psychology, Dusseldorf, Germany, 2021

6.  Individual and social decision-making in macaques and humans.
    Institute of Cognitive Sciences Marc Jeannerod, Lyon, France, 2019

7.  Retrospective metacognition and reward in humans and social
    decision-making in humans and macaques. Experimental Psychology
    Seminar, GEMI, Goettingen, Germany, 2018

8.  Retrospective metacognition and reward in humans and social
    decision-making in humans and macaques. Department of Experimental
    Psychology - Cognitive & Behavioural Neuroscience Seminar series,
    Oxford, UK, 2018

9.  Decision making with the left and the right brain. OMV, Vienna,
    Austria, 2016

10. Contribution of thalamic pulvinar to cortical spatial
    representations and visuomotor decisions. 6th Motivational and
    Cognitive Control (MCC) Symposium, St Andrews, Scotland, 2016

11. Contribution of thalamic pulvinar to cortical spatial
    representations and visuomotor decisions. The Institute of Movement
    Neuroscience, UCL, London, UK, 2016

12. Influence of reward, effort, and causal brain interference on
    spatial decisions. Emotional, attentional and motivational
    influences on visual perception, U4 Workshop, Ghent, Belgium, 2016

13. Influence of reward on spatial awareness and decisions.
    Extra-retinal influences on vision, U4 Workshop, Goettingen,
    Germany, 2015

14. Integration of reward, effort and risk in decision-making. Brain
    Circuits for Positive Emotions conference, Ascona, Switzerland, 2014

15. Bihemispheric mechanisms of spatial decision-making in human and
    non-human primates, NeuroBridges conference, Goettingen, Germany,
    2014

16. Behavioral and neural correlates of spatial decision-making in
    monkeys and humans. Institute of Experimental Psychology,
    Dusseldorf, Germany, 2014

17. Risk-seeking behavior during value-based decisions in monkeys is
    decreased by effort. EBBS symposium: Diverse functions of the
    brain's reward system**,** EWCBR-EBBS conference, Brides-les-Bains,
    France, 2014

18. Intra- and interhemispheric neuronal interactions during spatial
    decision making. Hertie Institut, Tuebingen, Germany, 2012

19. Intra- and interhemispheric interactions during spatial
    decision-making. Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, 2011

20. Interhemispheric interactions during spatial decision-making.
    McClelland/Newsome labs, Stanford University, CA, 2010

21. Intra- and inter-hemispheric integration of spatial and effector
    decision signals. ICM, Paris, France, 2010

22. BOLD dynamics of visuomotor representations in free-choice and
    reward-based decision. Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology,
    Japan, 2009

23. Saccades and drifts differentially modulate neuronal activity in V1:
    effects of retinal image motion, position, and extraretinal
    influences. Active Sensing Workshop, Weizmann Institute of Science,
    Israel, 2008

24. High-field event-related functional MRI in alert behaving monkeys
    during goal-directed saccades. National Institutes of Health, MD,
    2006

25. High-field functional MRI in alert behaving monkeys during
    goal-directed saccades. Department of Biomedical Engineering,
    Technion, Israel, 2006

26. Functional MRI and neurophysiology in alert behaving monkeys.
    Neurophilosophy: The State of the Art - McDonnell Project Workshop,
    Caltech, CA, 2006

27. Effects of fixational eye movements and nonlinear response
    properties in V1 of alert monkeys. Institute for Brain Science,
    Brown University, RI, 2002

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  Kagan I., Moeller S., Darani Z.Y., Treue S., Gail A. Behavioral
    mechanisms and premotor cortex representations of dyadic
    coordination in transparent games (blitz talk and poster). *Social
    Brain Magdeburg 2023.*

2.  Moeller S., Dann B., Scherberger H., Treue S., Gail A., Kagan I.
    Neural correlates of dynamic coordination in macaque premotor
    cortex. *SfN 2023 (talk).*

3.  Pachoud M., Arabali D., Schneider L., Wilke M., Kagan I.
    Bihemispheric effects of dorsal pulvinar inactivation on saccade and
    reach representations in parietal cortex. *SfN 2018.*

4.  Moeller S., Unakafov A.M., Gail A., Treue S., Kagan I. Transparent
    games: Investigating the influence of action visibility on social
    and economic decisions in human and macaque pairs. *SfN 2018
    (talk).*

5.  Wilke\* M., Schmidt-Samoa\* C., Dechent P., Miloserdov K., Mahdavi
    S., Dominguez-Vargas A.U., Liman J., Holzgraefe M., Williams K.,
    Kagan I., Bähr M. Contribution of the thalamic pulvinar to saccade
    and reach behavior in humans and monkeys. *SfN 2018.*

6.  Kagan I., Domínguez-Vargas A. U., Schneider L., Gibson L., Wilke M.
    Contribution of dorsal pulvinar to visuomotor behavior and spatial
    decision-making. *SfN 2016.*

7.  Christopoulos V.N., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. Choice bias after
    lateral intraparietal (LIP) area inactivation predominantly reflects
    a decision rather than an attention deficit. *SfN 2016.*

8.  Gibson L., Wilke M., Kagan I. Comparison of BOLD activity induced by
    microstimulation of pulvinar and LIP in a behaving monkey. *SfN
    2015.*

9.  Domínguez-Vargas A. U., Schneider L., Kagan I.\*, Wilke M.\*
    Time-dependent effects of pulvinar microstimulation on
    visually-guided saccades and target selection. *SfN 2014.*

10. Gibson L., Spanou E., Wilke M., Kagan I. The effects of pulvinar
    microstimulation on cortical BOLD activity in behaving monkey. *SfN
    2014.*

11. Christopoulos V.N., Kagan I., Cho R., Andersen R.A. Inactivation of
    Parietal Reach Region (PRR) affects reach but not saccade choices in
    spatial decisions. *SfN2014.*

12. Paschke K., Kagan I., Baehr, M., Wilke M. Trunk orientation and
    saccadic choice behavior: effects of egocentric midline shift. *SfN
    2013.*

13. Schmidt-Samoa C., Wilke M., Dechent P., Andersen R.A., Kagan I.
    Spatial decision differently activates frontoparietal network in
    humans and in monkeys. *SfN 2012.*

14. Schmidt-Samoa C., Dechent P., Kagan I., Wilke M. FMRI of
    memory-guided instructed and decision in a slow event-related
    designs. *Human Brain Mapping 2012.*

15. Domínguez-Vargas A. U., Grass A., Wilke M., Treue S., Kagan I. High
    reward and risk modulate effort-based spatial decisions in monkeys.
    *SfN 2012.*

16. Bonaiuto J.J., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. Competition and cooperation
    in a computational model of spatial decision-making and neglect.
    *SfN 2012.*

17. Christopoulos V.N., Bonaiuto J.J., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. Parietal
    Reach Region (PRR) inactivation causes deficits in reach target
    selection. *SfN 2012.*

18. Snodderly D.M., Przybyszewski A.W., Kagan I. Response bias of V1
    complex cells for dark objects in the straight-ahead direction. *SfN
    2012.*

19. Bonaiuto J.J., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. Synthetic brain imaging on a
    computational model of inter-hemispheric interactions during spatial
    decision-making. *SfN 2011.*

20. Christopoulos V.N., Kagan I., Wilke M., Andersen R.A. Functional
    connectivity analysis in an oculomotor memory decision task after
    lateral intraparietal area (LIP) inactivation. *SfN 2011.*

21. Kagan I., Wilke M., Andersen R.A. Spatial awareness after pulvinar
    inactivation. *ASSC 2011, Kyoto, Japan.*

22. Wilke M., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. Pulvinar inactivation alters
    cortical responses during spatial decision making. *SfN 2010*.

23. Kagan I., Wilke M., Andersen R.A. Interhemispheric interactions in
    parietal cortex during spatial decision making. *SfN 2010*.

24. Wilke M., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. BOLD responses during
    pharmacologically induced hemi-neglect in the parietal cortex. *SfN
    2009 (talk)*.

25. Kagan I., Wilke M., Andersen R.A. fMRI dynamics in monkeys reflect
    spatial decisions and preferences in free-choice and reward context
    tasks. *SfN 2009 (talk)*.

26. Wilke M., Kagan I., Andersen R.A. BOLD signal changes associated
    with reversible visual neglect in monkeys. *Japan Neuroscience
    Society 2009.*

27. Kagan I., Wilke M., Andersen R.A. (2009). BOLD fMRI dynamics in
    monkeys reflects spatial decisions in free-choice and reward context
    tasks. *Japan Neuroscience Society 2009.*

28. Snodderly D.M., Kagan I., Gur M. (2008). Stimulus-response
    relationships of complex cells in V1 of behaving monkeys. *SfN
    2008.*

29. Lindner A., Kagan I., Iyer A., Andersen R.A. (2008). Prospective
    coding of alternative actions in human parietal and premotor cortex.
    *FENS 2008.*

30. Kagan I., Lindner A., Iyer A., Wagner S., Andersen R.A. (2007).
    Time-courses of fMRI BOLD signals in frontal and parietal cortex
    reflect monkeys' decisions in a free-choice oculomotor task. *SfN
    2007 .*

31. Lindner A., Kagan I., Iyer A., O'Doherty J.P., Schultz W., Andersen
    R.A. (2007). Expected reward magnitude modulates fMRI-activity in
    monkey ventral and dorsal cortical streams and the striatum during a
    goal-directed saccade task. *SfN 2007.*

32. Kagan I., Lindner A., Iyer A., Wagner S., Andersen R.A. (2007).
    Time-courses of fMRI BOLD signals in frontal and parietal cortex
    reflect monkeys' decisions in a free-choice oculomotor task. *SfN
    2007.*

33. Kagan I., Iyer A., Lindner A., Andersen R.A. (2007). Event-related
    fMRI of goal-directed behavior in alert monkeys and humans:
    spatially-specific and nonspecific signals during delayed response
    tasks. *CoSyNe 2007.*

34. Snodderly D.M., Kagan I., Gur M. (2007). Modulation of neuronal
    activity in V1 by fixational and voluntary eye movements: Separating
    effects of retinal image motion, retinal image position, and
    extraretinal influences. *SfN 2007.*

35. Kagan I., Lindner A., Iyer A., Andersen R.A. (2007). fMRI of eye
    movements in monkeys and humans: spatially-specific and non
    -specific preparatory signals for memory- and visually-guided
    saccades. *ECEM2007.*

36. Kagan I., Iyer A., Lindner A., Wagner S., Andersen R.A. (2006).
    Event-related fMRI in alert behaving monkeys and humans during
    visually-guided and memory saccades. *SfN 2006.*

37. Kagan I., Iyer A., Lindner A., Andersen R.A. (2005). Functional MRI
    in alert behaving monkeys during goal-directed saccades. *SfN 2005.*

38. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2005). Complementary functions of
    saccadic, position/drift, and extraretinal responses to eye
    movements in V1 neurons. *ASSC9 symposium.*

39. Ersoy B., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M., Rucci M. (2004). Predicting the
    responses of V1 complex cells in alert monkeys. *SFN 2004.*

40. Gur M., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (2004). Response variability of
    single cells in V1 of alert monkeys. *SFN 2004.*

41. Ersoy B., Kagan I., Rucci M., Snodderly D.M. (2004). Modeling the
    responses of V1 complex cells to natural temporal inputs. *VSS
    2004.*

42. Gur M., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (2004). Lack of short-term
    adaptation in V1 cells of the alert monkey. *VSS 2004.*

43. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2004). Modeling complex cells in
    V1 of alert monkeys. *CoSyNe 2004.*

44. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2003). Position vs. saccade
    responses in V1 of alert monkeys. *SfN 2003 (talk).*

45. Gur M., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (2003). Early generation of
    stimulus specificity in V1 of alert monkeys. *SfN 2003.*

46. Kagan I., Przybyszewski A.W., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2003).
    Responses of macaque V1 neurons to fixational and voluntary eye
    movements correlate with receptive field properties. *VSS 2003.*

47. Gur M., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (2003). Orientation selectivity in
    V1 of alert monkeys. *VSS 2003.*

48. Przybyszewski A.W., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (2003). Eye position
    influences contrast responses in V1 of alert monkey. *Perception*
    **32:** 76-77 Suppl. S

49. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2002). Diversity of responses to
    gratings in V1 of alert monkey. *SFN 2002*.

50. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2002). Analysis of responses to
    drifting and stationary gratings in V1 of alert monkey. *VSS 2002*.

51. Snodderly D.M., Kagan I., Gur M. (2002). Receptive fields and
    quasi-linear response modulation in V1 of alert macaques. *VSS
    2002*.

52. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (2001). In V1 duplex cells, the
    form of responses to gratings depends on temporal frequency. *Neural
    Plasticity* **8 (3)**: 180

53. Snodderly D.M., Kagan I., Gur M. (2000). Simple cells and other
    cells in striate cortex of alert monkeys. *ARVO 2000*

54. Shik M.L., Kagan I. (2000). Persistent instability of firing of
    hindbrain neurons during extended latency of evoked locomotion in
    salamander. *Eur. J. Neurosci.* **12**: 163-163 Suppl. S 2000

55. Gur M., Kagan I., Snodderly D.M. (1999). "Duplex", not simple, cells
    are the major cell type in striate cortex of alert monkeys. *Soc.
    Neurosci. Abstr.* **29**: 1548

56. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (1999). The influence of fixational
    eye movements on grating-elicited responses of V1 neurons.
    *Neuroscience Letters* **54**, Suppl.: S22-S22

57. Kagan D., Kagan I., Shik M.L. (1999). Behavior of hindbrain neurons
    during latency of evoked locomotion in salamander. *Fifth IBRO World
    Congress of Neuroscience Proceedings*, 88

58. Kagan I., Gur M., Snodderly D.M. (1998). "Duplex", not simple, cells
    are the major cell type in striate cortex of alert monkeys.
    *Neuroscience Letters* **51**, Suppl.: S20-S21

59. Kagan I., Shik M.L. (1996). Responses of hindbrain neurons to the
    threshold repetitive stimulation of the mesencephalic "locomotor
    region" in urodele. *Israel J. of Med. Sci.* **32**, Suppl.: S34

60. Bar-Gad I., Kagan I., Shik M.L. (1995). Responses of single neurons
    in the hindbrain of the newt to threshold repetitive stimulation of
    the mesencephalic "locomotor region". *Israel J. of Med. Sci.*
    **31**: 762

# Patents

Melanie Wilke, Igor Kagan, Richard A. Andersen (2014) Brain repair using
electrical stimulation of healthy nodes. *US 8831733 B2*.
